c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\GameView.exe.config
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\GameView.exe
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\GameView.pdb
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\PackMan.dll
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\PackMan.pdb
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\GameView.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\GameView_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\GameView_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\GameView.g.resources
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\GameView.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\GameView.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\GameView.exe
c:\users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\GameView.pdb
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\Ghost.dll
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\Ghost.pdb
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\Resources\lang.baml
C:\Users\zorka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PacMan\GameView\obj\Debug\Resources\lang.ru-RU.baml
